Initialize README (#2)
keptn/integrations: README.md

# Keptn Integrations

Keptn as a control-plane integrates with various different tools and can be extended with your own tools.
This can be achieved through specialized integration services or through generic services.

This repository lists Keptn Integrations and ideas for new ones.

## References

- [Keptn Integrations Documentation](https://keptn.sh/docs/integrations/) - 
  Lists integrations available for Keptn.

>   You can also find them on [ArtifactHub](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=10&sort=relevance&page=1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The integrations are stored on [ArtifactHub](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=10&sort=relevance&page=1).
```

- [Keptn Webhook Service](https://keptn.sh/docs/0.14.x/integrations/webhooks/) -

>   Keptn has a built-in capability to call external HTTP endpoints as part of sequence task orchestration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Keptn built-in capability to call external HTTP endpoints as part of sequence task orchestration.
```

Reviewer 2: if you remove the "has ", this is no longer a full sentence. I'd leave it in.

Reviewer: I was trying to make the list items more parallel but this really does not accomplish this and it doesn't really matter.  I defer to Christian and am deleting the comment.

>   It can help to easily integrate various third-party tools such as testing services, CI/CD pipelines, and incident management service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can be used to simplify the integration of various third-party tools such as testing services, CI/CD pipelines, and incident management service.
```

- [Keptn Job Executor Service](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/job-executor-service) -
  Allows running customizable tasks with Keptn as Kubernetes Jobs.
- [Pending feature requests for new integrations](https://github.com/keptn/integrations/issues)

## Developer information

> - [Metadata for Integrations site and ArtifactHub](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub).

Author: ```suggestion
- [Hosting new integrations](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/contributing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Metadata for Integrations site and ArtifactHub](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub).
```

- We have separate GitHub organizations for integration services
  - [keptn-contrib](https://github.com/keptn-contrib) contains stable services/integrations
  - [keptn-sandbox](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox) contains experimental services/integrations

> - [Template for new integration saervices](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/keptn-service-template-go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Template for new integration services](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/keptn-service-template-go)
```

- [Hosting new integrations and services](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/contributing/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

>   You can host your own integrations in the Jenkins community!

Author: Oops

```suggestion
  You can host your own integrations in the Keptn community!
```

# Keptn Integrations

> Keptn as a control-plane integrates with various different tools and can be extended with your own tools.
> This can be achieved through specialized integration services or through generic services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn as a control-plane integrates with various tools and can be extended with your own tools,
using either specialized integration services or generic services.
```
